{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 <script src="http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.4.8/angular.min.js"></script>\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}AngularJS extends HTML with ng-directives.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The ng-app directive defines an AngularJS application.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The ng-model directive binds the value of HTML controls (input, select, textarea) to application data.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The ng-bind directive binds application data to the HTML view.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The ng-init directive initializes AngularJS application variables.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}You can use data-ng-, instead of ng-, if you want to make your page HTML valid.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}AngularJS expressions are written inside double braces: \{\{ expression \}\}. AngularJS will "output" data exactly where the expression is written:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}AngularJS expressions bind AngularJS data to HTML the same way as the ng-bind directive.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}AngularJS modules define AngularJS applications.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}AngularJS controllers control AngularJS applications.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The ng-app directive defines the application, the ng-controller directive defines the controller.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Diff: AngularJS Expressions vs. JavaScript Expressions\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Like JavaScript expressions, AngularJS expressions can contain literals, operators, and variables.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Unlike JavaScript expressions, AngularJS expressions can be written inside HTML.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}AngularJS expressions do not support conditionals, loops, and exceptions, while JavaScript expressions do.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}AngularJS expressions support filters, while JavaScript expressions do not.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The ng-app directive also tells AngularJS that the <div> element is the "owner" of the AngularJS application.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} The ng-app directive defines the root element of an AngularJS application.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The ng-app directive will auto-bootstrap (automatically initialize) the application when a web page is loaded.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The ng-init directive defines initial values for an AngularJS application. Normally, you will not use ng-init. You will use a controller or module instead.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The ng-model directive binds the value of HTML controls (input, select, textarea) to application data.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The ng-model directive can also:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Provide type validation for application data (number, email, required).\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}Provide status for application data (invalid, dirty, touched, error).\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}Provide CSS classes for HTML elements.\par
{\pntext\f0 iv.\tab}Bind HTML elements to HTML forms.gegw\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 You can invoke a directive by using:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Element name(E): <w3-test-directive></w3-test-directive>\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}Attribute(A): <div w3-test-directive></div>\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}Class(C): <div class="w3-test-directive"></div>\par
{\pntext\f0 iv.\tab}Comment(M): <!-- directive: w3-test-directive -->\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 During validations, the span error tag will be displayed only if the expression in the ng-show attribute returns true.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If the property in the ng-model attribute does not exist, AngularJS will create one for you.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The ng-model directive adds/removes the following classes, according to the status of the form field:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ng-empty\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}ng-not-empty\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}ng-touched\par
{\pntext\f0 iv.\tab}ng-untouched\par
{\pntext\f0 v.\tab}ng-valid\par
{\pntext\f0 vi.\tab}ng-invalid\par
{\pntext\f0 vii.\tab}ng-dirty\par
{\pntext\f0 viii.\tab}ng-pending\par
{\pntext\f0 ix.\tab}ng-pristine\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Data binding in AngularJS is the synchronization between the model and the view.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}AngularJS applications usually have a data model. The data model is a collection of data available for the application.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The HTML container where the AngularJS application is displayed, is called the view.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The view has access to the model, and there are several ways of displaying model data in the view.for ex: ng-bind, \{\{\}\} etc.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}the ng-model directive to bind data from the model to the view on HTML controls (input, select, textarea).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The ng-model directive provides a two-way binding between the model and the view.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Data binding in AngularJS is the synchronization between the model and the view.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}When data in the model changes, the view reflects the change, and when data in the view changes, the model is updated as well. This happens immediately and automatically, which makes sure that the model and the view is updated at all times.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Applications in AngularJS are controlled by controllers. \tab Because of the immediate synchronization of the model and the view, the controller can be completely separated from the view, and simply concentrate on the model data. Thanks to the data binding in AngularJS, the view will reflect any changes made in the controller.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}AngularJS controllers control the data of AngularJS applications. AngularJS controllers are regular JavaScript Objects.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The ng-controller directive defines the application controller. A controller is a JavaScript Object, created by a standard JavaScript object constructor.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}In larger applications, it is common to store controllers in external files.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The scope is the binding part between the HTML (view) and the JavaScript (controller).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The scope is an object with the available properties and methods.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The scope is available for both the view and the controller.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If we consider an AngularJS application to consist of:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 View, which is the HTML.\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}Model, which is the data available for the current view.\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}Controller, which is the JavaScript function that makes/changes/removes/controls the data.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Then the scope is the Model. so the scope is a JavaScript object with properties and methods, which are available for both the view and the controller.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}All applications have a $rootScope which is the scope created on the HTML element that contains the ng-app directive.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The rootScope is available in the entire application.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If a variable has the same name in both the current scope and in the rootScope, the application use the one in the current scope.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Filters can be added in AngularJS to format data.\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 currency Format a number to a currency format.\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}date Format a date to a specified format.\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}filter Select a subset of items from an array.\par
{\pntext\f0 iv.\tab}json Format an object to a JSON string.\par
{\pntext\f0 v.\tab}limitTo Limits an array/string, into a specified number of elements/characters.\par
{\pntext\f0 vi.\tab}lowercase Format a string to lower case.\par
{\pntext\f0 vii.\tab}number Format a number to a string.\par
{\pntext\f0 viii.\tab}orderBy Orders an array by an expression.\par
{\pntext\f0 ix.\tab}uppercase Format a string to upper case.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Filters can be added to expressions by using the pipe character |, followed by a filter.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}In AngularJS, a service is a function, or object, that is available for, and limited to, your AngularJS application.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The $http service is one of the most common used services in AngularJS applications. The service makes a request to the server, and lets your application handle the response.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}There are several shortcut methods for $http requests:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 .delete()\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}.get()\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}.head()\par
{\pntext\f0 iv.\tab}.jsonp()\par
{\pntext\f0 v.\tab}.patch()\par
{\pntext\f0 vi.\tab}.post()\par
{\pntext\f0 vii.\tab}.put()\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The response of $http requests from the server is an object with these properties:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 .config the object used to generate the request.\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}.data a string, or an object, carrying the response from the server.\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}.headers a function to use to get header information.\par
{\pntext\f0 iv.\tab}.status a number defining the HTTP status.\par
{\pntext\f0 v.\tab}.statusText a string defining the HTTP status.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The novalidate attribute is new in HTML5. It disables any default browser validation. The novalidate attribute is not needed for this application, but normally you will use it in AngularJS forms, to override standard HTML5 validation.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Input fields have the following states: they are all properties of the input field, and are either true or false.\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 $untouched The field has not been touched yet\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}$touched The field has been touched\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}$pristine The field has not been modified yet\par
{\pntext\f0 iv.\tab}$dirty The field has been modified\par
{\pntext\f0 v.\tab}$invalid The field content is not valid\par
{\pntext\f0 vi.\tab}$valid The field content is valid\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Forms have the following states:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 $pristine No fields have been modified yet\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}$dirty One or more have been modified\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}$invalid The form content is not valid\par
{\pntext\f0 iv.\tab}$valid The form content is valid\par
{\pntext\f0 v.\tab}$submitted The form is submitted\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 An animation is when the transformation of an HTML element gives you an illusion of motion.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}To make your applications ready for animations, you must include the AngularJS Animate library: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.4.8/angular-animate.js"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.4.8/angular-animate.js}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Scope are controllers specific. If we defines nested controllers then child controller will inherit the scope of its parent controller.\par
\pard\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\line\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
}
 